docs: reorganize documentation, add new guides (#17)
threeport/user-docs: docs/architecture/overview.md

  KubernetesRuntimes and support services such as Gateways and DomainNames.
* An agent that runs in the Kubernetes environments to report back on the status
  of workloads running there.

> Note: the controllers in the diagram below are just abstract examples.  For a
> complete list of the actual controllers in the Threeport control plane, see
> the [Control Plane architecture](../control-plane) docs.

![Threeport Control Plane](../img/ThreeportControlPlaneOverview.png)

This diagram illustrates the following process:

1. The Threeport user sends a request to the Threeport API.  This is usually
   done with the Threeport CLI, `tptctl` but can be made by anything that can
   make a call to a RESTful API.  This request might be for a new Kubernetes
   environment or for an application deployment into that environment.
1. A request handler in the Threeport API persists the desired state from the
   user in the Threeport database which is CockroachDB.  Once the desired state
   is persisted, the request handler sends a notification to the appropriate
   controller/s through NATS Jetstream.
1. If the request requires some compute infrastructure and/or managed services,

>    the controller responsible for infrastructure services connects to the Infra

Reviewer: Is it intentional that we use "cloud provider" and "infra provider" throughout? I'm leaning toward "cloud provider" to consolidate on as I think that will be slightly more familiar to readers.

Author: Agreed - "infra provider" was sparsely used.  I changed them to "cloud provider"

   Workload objects in the Threeport API which, in turn, prompts the controller
   for workloads to connect to Kubernetes to install and configure the support
   services for that workload.

If a controller cannot complete its work immediately because of some long-running
process or missing dependency that is being satisfied elsewhere, it will
request a re-queue of the notification after a specified delay so that it can
retry.  This process repeats until the desired state is reconciled.  At this
point, the controller acknowledges the notification as complete.

Each controller writes back any relevant updates to the Threeport API.

The Threeport Agent which runs in the compute space environment watches the
resources deployed by Threeport and reports back statuses to the Threeport API.

The end result is the tenant workload running in the Kubernetes runtime
environment with all of its dependencies satisfied.

> Note: The Threeport controllers never directly interact with each other.
> Whenever a controller needs work completed by another controller, it makes
> calls to the Threeport API to persist that change in the DB and then notify

> > the appropriate controller of the state it needs to reconcile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> calls to the Threeport API to persist that change in the DB. The Threeport API
> then notifies the appropriate controller that its respective state needs to be
> reconciled.
```
Clarity added so it's clear that the Threeport API that is notifying controllers, not any one controller.

   register the provisioned Kubernetes environment with the system so that it
   may be used as a part of the compute space for tenant workloads if desired.
1. Finally, the user's local Threeport config is updated with connection details
   and credentials so the user can securely connect to the Threeport API with
   `tptctl` to manage their applications.

A Threeport control plane can also be installed locally on a user's
workstation using [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) for local testing and
development.  See our [Local Threeport
guide](../../install/install-threeport-local) for instructions on installing
Threeport locally.  With a local Threeport control plane, the user can then
deploy Kubernetes clusters in the cloud and deploy workloads there.  However,
this is only recommended for testing and development.  Don't use local Threeport
control planes to run important production workloads.

> Note: The libraries used to deploy a Kubernetes environment for bootstrapping
> with `tptctl` are the same as those used by the Threeport controller to
> provision new Kubernetes environments using an existing Threeport control

> > plane.

Reviewer: Save for developer docs?

Author: Agreed.  Removed

## Foundational Principles

Threeport is designed and built upon the following principles:

* General purpose programming languages like Go are superior to DSLs and
  templates for defining the behavior of complex systems.
* Use progressive disclosure in the abstractions available to users.  Dead
  simple use cases should be trivial to configure and execute.  However, complex
  use cases should be supported by allowing users greater level of
  configurability in the underlying systems when needed.
* Git repos are not great for storing the configuration of complex systems.  For
  a system that is driven by software controllers, a database is more efficient

>   for both reads and writes by those controllers.

Reviewer: I think we should move this section to the top of this page.

Author: Good point.  Moved to top
